Python preparing for ada (#123)
Ada-Developers-Academy/jump-start: preparing-for-ada/applying-to-ada/README.md

# Applying to Ada

In the [Phase 2 of the application process](https://www.adadevelopersacademy.org/applicants) to become a student at Ada Developers Academy, we're looking for:

- Ability to self-learn and apply material quickly
- Demonstrated grasp of coding fundamentals to confirm your readiness to start at Ada
- Ability to clearly discuss your code in terms of control flow and thought process
- The grit and determination to persevere through 6 months of classroom and 5 months of internship.  

> To assess these skills, we judge applicants based on their ability to apply programming concepts and problem solving skills covered in our Build curriculum. We expect candidates to be well-versed with the concepts covered in the JumpStart curriculum including conditional flows, loops, arrays, dictionaries and Python basics. We use this as the primary indication of technical readiness for day 1 of the upcoming cohort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assess these skills, we judge applicants based on their ability to apply programming concepts and problem solving skills covered in our Build curriculum. We expect candidates to be well-versed with the concepts covered in the Build curriculum including conditional flows, loops, lists, dictionaries and Python basics. We use this as the primary indication of technical readiness for day 1 of the upcoming cohort.
```

# Applying to Ada

In the [Phase 2 of the application process](https://www.adadevelopersacademy.org/applicants) to become a student at Ada Developers Academy, we're looking for:

- Ability to self-learn and apply material quickly
- Demonstrated grasp of coding fundamentals to confirm your readiness to start at Ada
- Ability to clearly discuss your code in terms of control flow and thought process
- The grit and determination to persevere through 6 months of classroom and 5 months of internship.  

> To assess these skills, we judge applicants based on their ability to apply programming concepts and problem solving skills covered in our JumpStart curriculum. We expect candidates to be well-versed with the concepts covered in the JumpStart curriculum including conditional flows, loops, arrays, hashes and Python basics. We use this as the primary indication of technical readiness for day 1 of the upcoming cohort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To assess these skills, we judge applicants based on their ability to apply programming concepts and problem solving skills covered in our Build curriculum. We expect candidates to be well-versed with the concepts covered in the JumpStart curriculum including conditional flows, loops, arrays, dictionaries and Python basics. We use this as the primary indication of technical readiness for day 1 of the upcoming cohort.
```
